Fix event's message get/set methods for desktop (#510)
getsentry/sentry-unreal: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix Linux intermediates paths in `FilterPlugin.ini` ([#468](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unreal/pull/468))
- Fix casing for include of HAL/PlatformFileManager for Linux compilation ([#468](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unreal/pull/499))

> - Fix event's message get/set methods for desktop ([#510](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unreal/pull/510))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The message in events in the `SentryBeforeSendHandler` are no longer missing their message  ([#510](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unreal/pull/510))
```
